[Music]
what is it don't satellite if it wasn't
just me who took it down who was it I
thought there should be sir hi We Need
to Talk
who are you I'm your daughter Nora from
the future
anybody need a refill just me
people call me excess it's a nickname
you gave me when I was a kid and kind of
stuck here now so anybody know what to
do this is so weird
god I love this place I can't believe
that's our daughter up there no I
shouldn't be here she could marty mcfly
herself out of existence she needs to be
with her parents 30 years from now not
us no no what I need to know my poker
face is that bad oh please why don't you
keep this from us I think I made a big
big mistake
I'm sorry and we can't let this get any
worse here we go now let's do this
I don't have a suit actually I have a
backup total fan favorite
you